SDK-1737: New Spryker Code Upgrader documentation (#1628)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/paas-plus/dev/onboard-to-spryker-code-upgrader/connect-spryker-code-upgrader-to-a-github-managed-project.md

---
title: Connect Spryker Code Upgrader to a GitHub managed project
description: Learn how to connect Spryker Code Upgrader to a GitHub managed project
template: howto-guide-template
---

> There are 2 options for connecting your GitHub repository to Spryker Upgrade Service in Spryker CI: with help of BuddyCI application or with the access token. You can select the option that is the most suitable for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two options for connecting your GitHub repository to the Spryker Upgrade Service in Spryker CI. You can do this with the help of the BuddyCI application, or with the access token. You can select the option that is the most suitable for you.
```
